Heavenly King, my Su family
Come on, why don't we bring back Late Autumn?
No, our Su family is so sweet today.
It's all his fault
The woman who eats inside and outside
How can I let him go back to the Su family again?
This doesn't bring back late autumn
Do you have any other way?
Why don't we call Tianhao back and think of a way?
Their Baicaotang family has a great career
Otherwise, who asked them to lend us some money?
I try that.
No need to call
I'm already here hey
Mr. Tian, it just so happens that we have something to discuss with you.
I have heard about Su Shi Group
I didn't think of it before
That Su Wanqiu was so wolf-hearted
Is this going to force our Su Family Network to a dead end?
It's my grandfather's fault for being soft-hearted
6 years ago
You should take that white-eyed wolf out of the house
Now.
Our Su family is on the verge of bankruptcy
20 million is urgently needed
See if you can tell your father.
But here's the thing.
We didn't see him either.